[25.2] Enterprise deployment fresh install content (#719)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-enterprise_versioned_docs/version-25.2/enterprise/studios.md

Provide a wildcard TLS certificate to allow for uniquely generated subdomains. A wildcard certificate common name includes `*.` in the domain name, such as `*.example.com`, thereby securing any subdomain name at this level.

:::info

> If your Enterprise deployment needs to have custom subdomains and/or needs non-wildcard certificates you can enable path-based routing for Studios. To do this, add the  `TOWER_DATA_STUDIO_ENABLE_PATH_ROUTING=true` environment variable to the `tower.env` file. Path routing is only available from Seqera Platform 25.2 and the latest Connect server and clients. It is supported for VS Code, Jupyter, and R-IDE. It is not supported for Xpra.

Reviewer: suggestion: to make it more clear what changes with setting that environment variable, I would include examples of the paths and routes used for both cases:

dynamic, different subdomain used for each studios session (TOWER_DATA_STUDIO_ENABLE_PATH_ROUTING not set)
```
https://a1234abc.connect.cloud.seqera.io/
https://a5678abcd.connect.cloud.seqera.io/
```

fixed subdomain with path based routing (TOWER_DATA_STUDIO_ENABLE_PATH_ROUTING=true)
```
https://connect.connect.cloud.seqera.io/_studio/a1234abc
https://connect.connect.cloud.seqera.io/_studio/a5678abcd
```

Reviewer 2: I wanted to share with you my internal note on how to set up this in deployment, feel free to ignore if you don't find It useful:

```md
To enable in Platform:
- New certificate that contains: platform and connect addresses (no need for wildcard cert)
- `TOWER_DATA_STUDIO_ENABLE_PATH_ROUTING` set to `true`
- `TOWER_DATA_STUDIO_CONNECT_URL` set to the new connect address
When set like this, all created studios will use the path-based routing.

To enable in Connect Proxy/Server:
- `CONNECT_PROXY_URL` set to the new address
- Make sure your `connect-proxy` is available on this address (might require some changes in DNS config)
```

Reviewer 2: It defaults to false, so yes. I would say that if you don't want to set It to true, then just don't put this to configuration at all.

Provide a wildcard TLS certificate to allow for uniquely generated subdomains. A wildcard certificate common name includes `*.` in the domain name, such as `*.example.com`, thereby securing any subdomain name at this level.

:::info

> If your Enterprise deployment needs non-wildcard certificates, you can enable path-based routing for Studios. This changes the dynamic subdomain used for each Studio session to a fixed subdomain with path-based routing.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If your Enterprise deployment requires non-wildcard SSL certificates, enable path-based routing for Studios. This changes the dynamic subdomain used for each Studio session to a fixed subdomain with path-based routing.
```

> If your Enterprise deployment needs to have custom subdomains and/or needs non-wildcard certificates you can enable path-based routing for Studios. This changes the dynamic subdomain used for each Studio session to a fixed subdomain with path-based routing.

Author: ```suggestion
If your Enterprise deployment needs non-wildcard certificates, you can enable path-based routing for Studios. This changes the dynamic subdomain used for each Studio session to a fixed subdomain with path-based routing.
```

> - When `TOWER_DATA_STUDIO_ENABLE_PATH_ROUTING` is left blank:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- When `TOWER_DATA_STUDIO_ENABLE_PATH_ROUTING` is omitted, empty, or `false`:
```

> - When `TOWER_DATA_STUDIO_ENABLE_PATH_ROUTING` is not set:

Author: ```suggestion
- When `TOWER_DATA_STUDIO_ENABLE_PATH_ROUTING` is left blank:
```

    - https://a1234abc.connect.cloud.seqera.io/
    - https://a5678abcd.connect.cloud.seqera.io/

> - When `TOWER_DATA_STUDIO_ENABLE_PATH_ROUTING=true` is set:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- When `TOWER_DATA_STUDIO_ENABLE_PATH_ROUTING=true`:
```
